Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
CJ ENTERTAINMENT presents
a FINEWORKS FILM / KEYMAKER production
Executive Producer
JEONG TAE-SUNG
Year of 1398. 7 years since
it was established.
foreign intrusion and the issue
of proclaiming the crown prince
threw Joseon Dynasty into disorder.
You dirty mutt!
EMPIRE OF LUST
YEAR OF 1398
7TH YEAR UNDER KING TAEJO'S REIGN
At this time of rebirth when
we should be abolishing old customs.
the founding contributors cannot
continue to possess private armies
while also being granted
protection by the nation--
doing so will certainly disperse
and weaken the nation’s power.
Therefore. your majesty.
to reunite military strength.
we should vest all private armies
in the great army
and have the battle formation drill
proceed without delay.
If tens of thousands of soldiers
start training suddenly.
it would raise suspicion
in the Great Ming.
We cannot afford that.
So does your lordship
the first vice-premier put
the Great Ming's mood
ahead of our own interest?
Would you rather
this country suffer war?
Watch your mouth!
How dare you!
You all be quiet!
We just founded the new kingdom.
And already we can’t seem to
agree on anything!
Your majesty.
The supreme commander.
Jo Young-gyu.
and commander of Right Army.
Kim Min-jae. request an audience.
Granted.
Your humble subject.
Jo Young-gyu.
completed the mission of
subjugating the northern savages.
Welcome back!
You must've suffered many hardships.
Commander of the right army. Kim Min-jae
pays reverence to your majesty.
I was informed about your
distinguished service at this battle.
Seeing you brings me great joy
as you remind me of myself
as a young man.
- Lord First Vice-Premier.
- Your majesty.
Do arrange a celebration
for the two commanders
who brought us great victory.
As you command. your majesty.
First call is 20 silver coins.
20 coins anyone?
- Twenty!
- We have 20!
21 anyone?
- 21!
- Good. 21 from the gentleman.
Anyone calling 22?
22 silver coins!
Look who is here!
Isn't this Commander Kim who
won the deadly battle in the north?
How have you been. your highness?
Can't be better
all thanks to you!
The youngest born of my stepmother
became the crown prince.
Yes. I know.
Are you here because of that?
I don't understand...
I am asking if you're here
because you're worried
that I. Lee Bang-won might be sad
about not becoming crown prince.
I heard your father-in-law
played a great part in it.
How could it be?
It is solely his majesty’s decision
to crown a prince.
I sincerely envy your father-in-law.
He shouldn't have any worry
with such a strong man like you
by his side.
Anyway. let's talk more
at the feast later.
See you soon.
Thief! Catch him!
Ouch!
Please don't!
Are you trying to cripple a child
for stealing an ornament?
He's just a starving child.
For you. this is only the means
to feed yourself for a few days.
but for me. it is the only gift
from my estranged mother.
So take this instead
and buy food with it.
And don’t do anything like this again.
Do you understand?
Everyone has something they hold dear.
I apologize for the commotion.my lord.
Please forgive my disrespect.
Let's go.
You met Prince Jung-an.
Yes.
He pretends to be a toothless tiger
but he cannot fool me.
He's just hiding his claws.
I'm sure.
You also know how he can be.
From now. you’d do well not to
consider him a friend as before.
Do you understand?
Yes. sir.
You will be assigned to be
the commander of the great army
so you'd better get prepared.
But sir...
Haven’t I expressed my intent
to retire after this battle?
The state of affairs
doesn't allow you that luxury.
The youngest son of the second queen
became the crown prince.
The reform of the military system
is facing opposition. too.
We need to use the outside enemy
to ease the complaints within.
We will attack the east
of Liaohe River.
All you have to do is
follow orders.
So.
How is your health?
Thanks to the medicine you sent.
I am much better now.
That is good to hear.
Get well soon so that you
may give birth to this family’s heir.
Please don't. Father.
I came here today
because I wanted to personally
deliver something to my son-in-law.
- Bring it in.
- Yes. your majesty.
You may open it.
Isn't this?
Do you remember it.
Lord Sambong?
It's a scent bag.
It's too precious
to give to my grandson.
It is tradition for the father-in-law
to give this to his son-in-law.
You should carry it with you always.
Inscrutable are
the king's favor. your majesty.
Actually. that scent bag is
also a subtle message
urging the son-in-law
to produce an heir.
Just so you know!
Wait. you shouldn't be here.
You must not be late.
the celebration is for you!
You'd better get going.
- Then I shall leave first.
- Sure.
Let me propose a toast.
This drink might help you
be more productive tonight.
Oh. is that so?
Yes. my lord.
Oh. you're finally here!
How come the star of the night
is so late?
My apologies. your highness.
There were some family affairs.
Powerful families surely
have lots of affairs to handle!
Lord Sambong also couldn't make it.
Well. well...
Like father-in-law.
like son-in-law.
How can they not be
so preoccupied.
when they desperately try to
steal everyone else's thunders?
You know though.
your lordship has only yourself
and your laziness to blame!
Don't you think?
Drink!
This is Gahee.
She prepared a dance
popular in Ming Dynasty
for tonight’s feast.
Dance has its own
artistry and manners.
Your lordship should be
aware of such things.
How dare you wench!
Today shall be the death of you!
Please forgive her.
She hasn't even turned up
her hair yet.
So please. have mercy.
What?
She's still a virgin?
Good then!
Then I'll be her first man.
I'd rather die right here
than to let it be so.
Rather die?
I'll teach you manners tonight!
Please stop.
Do you think me your subordinate.
now that you’ve won a few battles
and found favor with his majesty?
Please stop.
I see. You want to be her man too?
Alright.
We’ll let our swords decide
who her man should be.
Draw your sword!
It is true that I'm the least
favorite son of his majesty
but how could you make such a scene
in front of a royal prince?
Your highness.
How about having her decide
who her man should be?
That’s a very good idea!
I had such high hopes for tonight...
but not only am I ignored
because of that girl.
you mean to make me see blood!
No way!
One of your lordships
must accept the girl's choice!
Aha! I think that clears it up.
Why don’t we make a toast
altogether
to celebrate those two?
Hurray!
Why did you do that?
Because you were bleeding.
Well... at least
it is all past us now.
You should rest.
I'll be in trouble
if you leave me like this.
What do you mean?
Even here at courtesans' house.
a girl who gets deserted
on her first night
is said to be unlucky
and no man comes for her.
Stop.
It should be enough to show
that you were not deserted.
I've heard that
you are tough and violent.
But it seems they were wrong.
People say that you kill mercilessly.
as if taking a life is
easier than lifting a spoon.
I just follow the king's order.
How can a man have no reservations
about taking others’ lives?
Stop this nonsense.
and take some rest.
Mom!
Do you want true revenge?
You really mean to
give me that ornament
- if I take out the kitten?
- Sure.
My hand's are too big to do it myself.
You will hear the meow.
You go in alone.
I'll wait outside.
Shush!
Don't move!
- You wench!
- Please help!
How dare you?
Look at him.
The girl he raped the other time
turned out to be a civilian girl.
And she reported him to
the district office.
You should’ve been careful to target
only the lowest class girls!
How are we supposed to tell them apart
just by appearance?
We thought she was a slave
because she was dressed like one.
Damn it.
Shouldn't we be allowed some fun
in the kingdom our fathers founded?
Why is it so complicated?
Well. that happened...
so let’s stop this
and go back to the red-light district.
That’s fine with us.
but what about the king's son-in-law.
who has the full attention of
- his majesty?
- Damn it.
I never even wanted
to be the king's son-in-law.
What can you do?
It’s your destiny.
with such powerful men
as your grandfather and father.
Speaking of whom...
- have you heard the rumor?
- What rumor?
Well. a rumor has spread that
his father popped
a courtesan’s cherry last night.
Are you serious?
I knew it.
He pretends to be so
serious and dignified...
but inside.
he’s the same as all other men.
You know how I founded this country.
Yes. your majesty.
Your majesty.
I present you that sword
because I want you to be
tied to me
closer than even blood allows.
I need you
more than anybody else
for me and my crown prince.
Hence. I abolish
the old military system
from the previous dynasty
and have it restructured as
one great army
controlling three services.
Wield this sword for me
by my side.
And protect the crown price with it.
This is my first request
and royal command.
And I now name Kim Min-jae.
commander of the right army.
as the supreme commander
of the new great army.
I shall obey the command.
your majesty.
How could he do this to me?
To appoint me as the
Minister of Culture and Education
when I’ve spent all my life
in the battle field!
This is more than just a demotion!
Great. Good.
Lord Sambong and
Commander Kim Min-jae
will have the country
under their thumbs!
That is not quite right.
Kim Min-jae is...
only Lord Sambong's dog.
What I mean to say is...
there’s no one who has
contributed more greatly to
this kingdom’s establishment
than your highness.
It makes me so upset
to see others but yourself
control important state affairs
like proclaiming the crown prince.
That's right.
You need to read the moves.
- Just like that!
- My lord!
I like being like this.
I mean it.
But your highness!
I need to get her service tonight
no matter what.
Let her in whenever she's ready.
But she has already served a man
- and only sells her artistry.
- Hey!
I told you to bring her in.
No matter what.
Understood.
Sir.
Look there!
What are you doing?
Come down quick!
Even the lowest of lives
have rules to follow.
and even a courtesan like I
have a heart to keep and protect.
If you keep insisting on my service.
I will jump off. right here.
You think others will care
or call you a virtuous woman
for dying like this?
You'll be remembered
as a mad girl who killed
herself for nothing.
I’d rather be remembered
as a mad girl who killed herself
than to sell my smiles
in the arms of men like you!
What?
Gahee!
Why are you doing this?
Please don't.
You can't do that.
Gahee!
My lord!
Please don't. sir!
Sir!
Who can guarantee that
something like this
won’t happen again?
Ever since she became your woman.
she rejected all requests
from all men
and carried this handkerchief
in her bosom every day.
I plan to send her away
as soon as she recovers.
How?
Well. you are not planning to
take her into your custody.
She. like all other girls here.
can only survive
when the bees come for her honey.
Scentless flowers
have no place here.
I’m afraid I must tell her
to go find her own way.
Are you so pure and innocent
that you would trust a man?
How dare you. lowly thing.
try to drag the Lord down?
In the end. this is what you needed.
Leave now and
do not ever come back
unless you want to destroy
the Lord's future.
I thought of what would be
the best for you. my Lord.
You bestowed upon me so much kindness.
The messenger from Chuihyang-roo.
that I have become fond of you.
But I am afraid that I might
hold you back from great things...
So. I send you my heart in this letter
before I take my leave.
Please.
be well.
Lady Gahee!
Sir.
I was wondering about you...
You're as beautiful as they say.
You’re too generous. your highness.
Make yourself at home
and be my friend.
It’s not much.
but I prepared a gift for you.
It’s ‘Retired Life’
by Wei Ying-wu.
I heard that you are fond of poems.
And thought you might enjoy it.
despite my humble skills.
I don’t often tell people.
but I write a little myself.
What do you write?
Just the small stories
of our world.
Please take a look sometimes.
Yes. your highness.
His lordship.
King's son-in-law is here.
- So she is my father’s...
- Yes. sir.
Allow me to introduce myself.
My name is Gahee.
What were you two talking about?
You seemed really close.
Please take a look.
The Noble and
the humble are different
Yet both are of value--
for each fulfill their roles in life.
Then. I will be taking my leave.
What do you think?
Isn’t it impressive?
Yes. it is.
Very impressive. indeed.
Instead of keeping a low profile
and minding your surroundings.
You bring a girl into your house!
Did you forget that
we're the King's in-laws?
Such imprudent behavior
when you are to be helping
the Crown Prince conquer the north!
What would your life have
been like had I not taken you in?
No better than that of
wild beasts. I bet.
mingling with those filthy barbarians.
I even made you my son-in-law
knowing that
your mother was
of barbarian heritage!
Do you really think Jin could’ve been
the king’s son-in-law
if I hadn’t accepted your offer?
Are you threatening to reveal
that Jin is not your real son?
Are you trying to humiliate me
using my daughter's flaw?
I would never have started all this
in the first place
had I the slightest intention
of breaking my promise to you.
What is the meaning of this?
Please leave.
I never imagined that
you could be my father’s concubine.
I..I thought you were dead.
I almost was...
but I survived.
You know how wretched lives
live and die so arbitrarily.
Why did you disappear
so suddenly then?
Do you know...
how desperately I
looked for you?
Were you really so desperate?
Of course.
I’m so happy
to have you by my side again.
Although a concubine.
I am your father’s woman now.
Do you intend to commit immorality?
Please leave.
Lady. her highness
wishes to see you.
Are you done reading?
How was it?
Interesting.
The story of the lord in exile
and the courtesan who loves him...
It's sad yet beautiful
at the same time.
Good to hear.
Anything else you want to add?
- It reminded me of...
- Are you inside?
I'm sorry.
I hope I didn't interrupt
your conversation.
Not at all.
Please come in.
Please. go on.
When I was at courtesans' house.
I heard a similar story like yours
from a silk peddler.
- You did?
- Yes.
But that story was different...
How different?
Tell me.
On his way home from exile.
the noble man hurts the courtesan.
who he fears may hinder his success.
and returns alone.
Poor thing.
Is that the end?
Just like that?
But that courtesan survives
And exacts revenge on the noble man.
Really? How?
Well...
I haven't heard that part yet.
He promised to tell me
on his next visit.
It’s just a story.
but I mourn for the girl.
I doubt it’s true.
- For a man to be so evil...
- You’re right.
I’m sure it’s a made-up story.
But be sure to tell me the ending
when you hear it from
the peddler next time.
I will. your highness.
The dead girl came back to life.
- Are you kidding me?
- Wait!
So you're saying
the girl you killed
for a cover up
returned. alive.
as your father’s concubine.
I thought something was off
when you started
obsessing over one girl.
So unlike you.
Damn it!
I shouldn’t have let myself be
blinded by her beauty.
I would be deadly scared
if I were you now.
Shouldn't you inform
your mother about this?
No. no.
I’ll shut her up for good.
Don’t come out!
It is dangerous!
Who ordered you to do this?
- Sir!
- Lady!
Gahee!
- Call the doctor!
- Yes. sir.
Lady...
Lady.
Assassins at the princess's residence!
Who would dare send assassins
to the prime commander's house?
We do need to find out who did this
and make them to pay for their sins.
But at the same time.
we can't ignore the fact that
the servants of the prime commander
possessed swords
when their master leads to abolish
all private armies of the noble.
Are you calling the servants
private soldiers
for raising swords
in protection of their master?
Discovering who threatened the lives
of the prime commander and his family
Is the first priority. your majesty.
How are we to open an investigation
and find the culprit
when all the assassins are dead?
And servants with swords can't be
anything but private soldiers.
It would be the right thing
for the prime commander
to show initiative and vest
his servants to the great army.
I have but myself to blame for this.
I’ll send all the servants
related to this incident
to the great army.
to prevent further issues.
I forbid
further discussion on this matter.
I will strictly reprimand anyone
who mentions this incident again.
So be it!
Isn’t he the prime commander himself?
What led you to such humble settings?
I came to hunt together
as it's been a while.
I’d be more than happy to!
You're always welcome here.
Let it begin!
Your skills are as superb as ever.
I was just lucky.
Everyone here is very
nimble on their feet.
They learn to be as fast
as the wild animals they chase.
since they do nothing
but hunt everyday.
Was it you
who sent me the guests.
your highness?
I’m sorry to hear
that you suspect so.
Why do you train and harbor
private soldiers like this?
You misunderstand me...
I’m just enjoying myself.
hunting animals
with these boys.
Then please send them
to the great army.
Why are you trying to set up
a large scale military training
at a time like this?
To unite all the military power
of the nation as one army.
Are you trying to attack
the east of Liaohe River.
or are you coveting the throne
for the young crown prince?
You speak unwisely.
Well...
you might not understand
the real reason for this training.
As you are just
a henchman of Lord Sambong.
Private soldiers are
dividing the nation's power...
Min-jae.
Look here. Kim Min-jae.
I want to hear your thoughts.
not Lord Sambong’s.
Is this man sitting in front of me
Kim Min-jae
or Lord Sambong. Jung Do-jeon?
Are you satisfied with playing
Sambong’s right hand man?
I don't belong to anyone.
I just serve the king
and protect the people
with my sword.
I hope you are speaking the truth.
Are you that happy?
Yes. I am. sir.
I didn’t expect other lords
to assist me that much.
Lord Ha said...
Yes?
How could we
investigate the dead
and who would we blame?
I wonder though...
who would get rid of
the dog's bowl
when the dog dies?
Of course the owner should...
Did you really think
it would be as simple
as killing a hound
by setting some mutts on it. my lord?
If they had killed that girl then.
do you think you can sit there
and have this drink
with me?
It's quite amusing that
your lordship's security depends
upon this mad girl’s life.
Inscrutable are the workings of Fate.
This incident will
make things easier for us.
Do you know who
Kim Min-jae’s mother was?
She was a Jurchen geisha.
A man naturally longs for
his mother's love.
Sir. it seems that we are not alone.
I know.
Your highness surely takes after
his majesty. a god of archery!
I think it’s about time
for the peony to bloom.
Lady. a message arrived
saying the silk peddler
is at the linen shop.
- Wait here.
- Yes. ma'am.
Are you there?
Anyone here?
What brought you here?
We should finish...
what we couldn't finish last time.
Do you mean something
like this?
Yes.
Now we are talking.
Are you aware that
such immoral acts
are punishable by death?
Of course.
The one who committed the sin
and the counter-part.
both get beheaded.
That’s why
you and I should conspire
to survive together.
There’s no way out for you this time.
No one will come in.
Forget the peddler.
It was a false message
I made up to lure you out.
Peddler? What peddler?
Did you really believe that story?
What do you...
I just made it up
to entertain the poor princess.
We need an excuse
to have fun. don't you think?
Yes. you're right.
Absolutely right.
But before you take
what you want
you need to give me
something in return.
I will give you...
whatever you want.
Give me this
as a token of your affection.
But that is...
given by his majesty. the King.
It’s a token to show
that we both risked our lives.
It has to be as valuable as this.
Right...
Whatever you say.
Oh. my...
What are you doing?
I’m sorry. sir.
It is my fault...
Did you laugh?
Pardon?
No. your grace.
You laughed at me?
Laugh?
How dare you?
What are you doing?
This bastard...
he put dirt on my shoe
and laughed.
It is my fault. sir.
You heard him?
It is his fault.
This old man looked after you
like you were his own
since you were born.
Follow me.
Fa..father.
Come to the next market.
Uncle! Look at this.
I got these at dawn
and it's still fresh!
What do you think?
Get up.
Try to block me.
Get up! Now!
Father. it's all my fault!
Princess. move aside.
I am disciplining my son.
Please reprimand me
and my lack of virtue
for not serving my husband properly.
This has nothing to do with you.
princess.
What is this fuss all about?
Sir.
He is the king's son-in-law
before he is your son.
It's really embarrassing to do this
in front of all the servants!
Your overprotection allows him
to abuse his subjects
and mingle with vulgar people
when he cannot even properly
draw a sword!
I never wanted to be
the king’s son-in-law!
What do you want from me?
My lord!
Do you treat him so
because he is not your real son?
Do you really think that way?
If not.
there is no reason for you
to overreact like this.
I have never considered Jin
as anything but my son.
The problem lies in you
and your presumptions.
I didn’t say anything
because I know my own mistakes.
but it is quite hilarious
to hear that from a man
who is enthralled by a concubine.
I can put up with all else
but I will not tolerate
your abuse of my son.
I hope you don’t forget who it was
that allowed you to come this far.
I ask...
for whose benefit was it truly for?
It's Gahee. your highness.
May I come in?
Please come.
I was worried about you.
Don't just suffer patiently.
Please. tell me your thoughts.
No. it's okay.
What can I possibly say?
So please.
I hope you can forget about today too.
I will.
But since you are here.
we shall chat all night.
- Have you met the peddler?
- Yes.
I heard the ending.
So what happened to that courtesan?
The noble man’s mother
heard of the incident
and hired a man...
Please let me in!
The poor girl’s mother
who tried to appeal the injustice
was hurt.
Mother!
Mo...mother!
The bearer mistook
the mother
as the courtesan.
But how could that happen?
Maybe it was Heaven's will.
Her mother died for her.
How would your highness
end this story if it were yours?
Well...
I cannot think of anything
as it is too sad and heartbreaking.
Failed again.
I really want to be good
at archery like you. brother!
Your skills should improve rapidly
if you take after his majesty.
Here comes his majesty. the King.
Father!
I told you not to come to the palace
unless summoned.
Why is that?
You made me bloody my hands
when the situation called for it.
But now that it's over.
I guess you don't need a son
with blood on his hands.
How dare you!
Please restrain your anger.
your majesty.
You frightened
our precious crown prince.
Min-jae.
Look here. Kim Min-jae.
Are you satisfied with playing
Sambong’s right hand man?
I hope you don’t forget who it was
that allowed you to come this far.
You look pensive.
What is bothering you?
No.
I was just thinking about the past.
By the way.
it's been quite a while
since you moved in with me.
Did you inform
your mother about this?
Well...
If you have lost contact.
I can find her for you.
It would not take long
if I send out a few people.
You cannot find her.
Did you spread her ashes
in that river?
Yes.
Lord. please don't...
You should have told me sooner!
I couldn’t speak of her
as it broke my heart.
I am sorry.
No.
I promise now...
I’ll protect you.
Against any threat.
I'll definitely keep you safe.
- Lady..
- Stop!
What are you doing?
Burn everything!
Please calm down. sir.
It’s dangerous. my lord!
I'm sorry.
But thankfully
it’s just burnt on the edge.
I'm sorry for your mother.
Why did you do that?
It’s your mother’s relics!
What am I to do...
if you continue being this way?
It is already enough
that I can do this for you.
I’m only sorry that
I can’t give you more.
I had a dream.
What kind of dream?
People were gathered and
dancing together.
There seemed to be no need
for drawing one’s sword.
no need for hurting others.
Everyone just mingled together
as equals. enjoying themselves.
You and I were there
hand in hand
smiling at each other.
And I felt the warmth
of your hand.
It is a good dream.
Gahee...
I can feel your grief.
I just want to live with you
as we did in that dream.
I won’t let go of this hand
no matter what.
Can you promise the same?
Yes. my lord.
It’s been a while since
we sat down together.
Yes. indeed.
So what made you
come visit this old man?
I asked a question
to the prime commander
when he visited me last.
but couldn’t hear the answer.
So. today I am here
to hear it from you.
What is the real reason
for the formation training?
To build the great Joseon Dynasty
by attacking the east of Liaohe River.
I think I've heard this story before.
What do you mean?
The story of a troop
who left for Liaohe River
but returned to launch a surprise
attack against the capital.
You’ve gone too far.
Are you implying that
I have some other goal in mind?
No.
This way or that way we go.
does it make a difference
if we could live happily
for a century to come?
You know what happened the last time
I recited this poem to someone?
Recently a group has been
training private soldiers
using hunting and polo
as excuses.
I believe that we must
punish them severely
and right military discipline
to re-establish order in
in our nation.
Outlawing hunting and polo
for military appropriation
would demoralize
meritorious retainers
and turn them into enemies.
Do you mean that
you can do whatever you want
if you contributed to building
the new kingdom?
I forbid hunting and polo as of today.
Confiscate all weapons and horses
used for them.
I’m here to deliver
his majesty’s order.
He ordered all horses
but those required for transportation
to belong to the great army
and also forbid
hunting and polo.
What did you just say?
Forbid what?
Hunting and polo.
Forbid hunting and polo.
What made his majesty
so very weak?
Can I decide
which horse to keep?
Yes. sir.
Thank you.
Look. Min-jae.
I only have the one horse left
and thus have none more to give out.
What to do?
Don’t underestimate Prince Jung-an.
We can’t stop him this way.
At this rate. he might strike back.
Then we are the ones in danger!
We didn't found this dynasty
to be killed by him!
I think it's the time.
Before we attack
the east of Liaohe River
we should hit
Prince Jung-an first.
But when? The timing is crucial.
The day of the white monkey.
Day of the white monkey.
As everyone will be enjoying
the feast all night.
we can attack while
taking advantage of the commotion.
They must know it. too.
They would not miss this chance
to mobilize their army.
We can finish everything by afternoon
before his majesty wakes up.
Do you think we can succeed?
It's solely up to
the prime commander.
Wield this sword for me
by my side.
And protect the crown prince with it.
This is my first request
and royal command.
Don't forget who raised an animal
to be human today.
You shall risk your life
for me and the king.
This is the scent bag that his majesty
gave to his son-in-law.
The time has almost come
for us to carry out our plans.
I'll notify you in advance.
When your plan is accomplished.
not only will Kim’s clan fall.
but the entire army of this country
will be paralyzed.
Then...
what would happen
to the prime commander?
What... do you think?
I shall leave
as it is already quite late.
She is the girl I told you about.
Treat this as your mother
and your duty from now on.
Do not ever forget
how your mother died.
It's a peony.
Engrave it into your memory.
Thankfully.
it’s just burnt on the edge.
No doubt that Prince Jung-an will
attack with his private soldiers.
He will probably aim
for the east gate.
Call in troops from outside the city
and assign them inside the palace.
- You should be fully prepared.
- Here it is. commander.
I would like to meet you discretely
on the day of the white monkey.
I knew it.
She's no different from the others.
Is it the medicine for the princess?
Yes. sir.
I see. give it to me.
I'll deliver it myself.
I don't think I can
attend the feast
as I feel suddenly dizzy.
Don't worry.
I'll explain to the king
so that he doesn't worry.
Your highness. Kim Min-jae
has started to move.
- How long did I sleep?
- A bit less than 2 hours.
Even the Heavens shall never know
what you are about to do tonight.
I pay my respects to
your majesty and your highness.
Where is the princess?
She could not come as she is ill.
She sends her regards.
What a shame. is she very ill?
It’s not a serious condition.
She seemed to feel dizzy
as she is a bit feeble.
If sister is very ill.
please send her some herbal medicine.
your majesty.
Sure.
Due to that...
I would like to return
and attend to her...
Of course. go ahead.
He's such a sweet husband.
Any messages from the peony?
We just sent the soldiers
to the appointed location.
- Is everything ready?
- Yes. sir.
Everything is perfectly prepared.
I'll forgive you
for what you did last time.
However...
You shall fulfill
your end of the deal today.
I hate getting the
short end of the stick.
I gave you your token. so now you need
to give me something in return.
I changed my mind.
I think I prefer your father
since he. at least. is not
a complete piece of scum.
Scum?
Are you crazy?
Say that again.
Huh? Repeat what you just said
with that filthy mouth of yours!
This filthy mouth.
I shall reap this...
Attack!
What's the fuss?
Go and find out now!
Your majesty. your highness.
you should shelter yourselves.
What are you looking at?
Go and guard the king!
Stop right now!
Your majesty.
they plotted treason against you.
No. that cannot be true.
It is Prince Jung-an
who raised the armies!
Sambong!
How dare you lie
in front of the king?
Bang-won. how dare you?
Your majesty. Kim Min-jae
assigned soldiers at the east gate
plotting treason against you!
It's slander. your majesty!
If he is not plotting treason.
why are these soldiers
inside the palace
and not guarding the outer walls.
as they should?
Lord Sambong and Kim Min-jae
plotted to kill me and other lords
who found out about
the adultery of Kim Jin.
their heir and
your majesty’s son-in-law.
What are you talking about?
Who’s having an affair with whom?
How could I believe you.
telling me my son-in-law
committed adultery?
Your majesty.
I have undeniable proof.
Bring them in!
Here are the accused!
Princess!
Father!
I declare the end of the feast.
Imprison the sinners
and the rest of you...
return home!
How could such a thing happen?
Whose letter is it?
Lady Gahee told me
to give this to your highness
at 9 PM.
You will find out
how the tale ends
if you come to the warehouse now.
Wife!
Don't!
I will listen to what she has to say.
My dear. I...I just...
that bitch seduced me...
Her state doesn't look like
that of a seducer.
So tell me.
why did you make me find out?
Can your highness
forgive the husband
who cheated you
and stay with him all your life?
How dare you?
I can put you to death
if I talk to his majesty. the king.
I do not wish for my own life.
But I didn't want to harm Lord Kim
and this was only solution
I could come up with.
Please understand this.
I do not care about myself.
but Lord Kim...please save him.
Who are you?
That's all I know.
I knew Bang-won was up to something...
We should’ve never given him
the opportunity.
That is why I put my faith in you
and asked for your protection.
Is this your answer
to my sincere request?
Kill me. your majesty.
I will spare your life
as the princess requested.
But you will have to kill the girl
discretely within the night.
Why are you silent?
Do you intend to defy
a royal command?
Are you trying to put me and the
crown prince in danger
by giving them an excuse
to overthrow us?
Kill the witness!
It is the royal command!
So it was all planned
from the beginning.
Did you truly use me to
take revenge for your mother?
Tell me.
The truth will not
make a difference now.
You know too well
that even if I were to deny it all.
it’s too late to change anything.
Do you really want me to kill you?
If I were afraid of death.
I would not have started at all.
If I have sinned.
It would be that I was born
a low-class peasant girl
and survived.
How can it be a sin?
It is for a wench like me.
Because I am not even human
in their eyes.
This country values a cow
more than three peasant lives.
Nobody is punished for
raping and killing a slave girl.
but you die
if you rape your father's concubine.
You mean during all those times
that we shared together...
you never loved me?
Not even for a moment?
I died when my mother died.
I cannot forgive her murder even if
Kim Jin pays for it with his life.
I will do anything
to make him pay for his sins.
This is...
all I can say.
No.
If so.
why would you inform the princess.
You were risking the plan
in order to save me!
Just kill me.
Only when I die. can you live.
Enough.
Do not forgive me.
I will never
forgive you.
So...
you need to live.
Your highness. please...
I told everyone to return home!
The girl and Kim Min-jae ran away.
your majesty.
What will you do
with that Kim Min-jae
who ran away
disobeying the royal command?
Rest assured.
From now on.
I. your son.
shall handle everything.
So you are claiming innocence?
This is really unfair.
I frightened her a bit to get back
what that bitch
stole from me.
I see.
I will believe you.
for you are my husband.
I will explain to my father. the King.
and ask for his forgiveness.
Thank you. my love.
But since sometime back...
you no longer bore the smell
of the scent bag.
That is...
And instead.
I could smell it on Gahee.
I didn’t mention anything
as such a thing was...
beyond human imagination.
Only if you had told the truth
just now.
I might not have come this far.
Ignite!
Fire!
Watch out!
Please give me the chance
to get rid of him.
Please get on the boat. sir.
I won’t go without you.
Go first.
I'll follow if I survive.
How could I go alone
and leave you behind?
Don’t worry.
I won't be long.
So be sure to survive.
No!
My lord!
Lord!
My lord. please!
Sir!
My lord!
No! My lord!
Hurry. sir!
Lord!
Come here! Come to me!
Please hide!
Lord!
My lord...
I promised to protect you.
What are you doing. my lord...
No matter what happens...
I made a pledge to you.
My lord!
No. my lord!
No!
I won't let go of this hand
no matter what.
- Can you promise the same?
- Yes. my lord.
I had a dream.
What kind of dream?
People were gathered and
dancing together.
There seemed to be no need
for drawing one’s sword.
No need for hurting others.
Everyone just mingled together
as equals. enjoying themselves.
You and I were there
hand in hand
smiling at each other.
It is a good dream.
I would like to go there
with you. my lord.
They could not
find the bodies.
I see.
Let the names of
Kim Mn-Jae and his family
be omitted from all records.
And in his place.
put the names of
his adjutant. Lee Je.
and Lord Sambong.
As you command!
November 1400. Prince Jung-an.
Lee Bang-won ascended to the throne.
He is Joseon Dynasty’s 3rd king.
Taejong the Great.